Fix lint issues on readme for authz tests (#2317)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/security/gnsi/authz/tests/README.md

# gNSI Authz Tests

## Summary

Test gNSI API behaviors and gRPC authorization policy behaviors.

## Baseline Setup

### Input Args

> * `test_infra_id`: the SPIFFE-ID that used by test infra clients.

Reviewer: Should SPIFFE-ID be hyphenated?

> * `test_infra_id`: the SPIFFE-ID that used by test infra clients.

Reviewer: "that used" -> "that is used"

}
```

## Tests

NOTE: regarding gNMI OC validation:

> * Everytime a gRPC call (including gNSI calls themselves) is allowed or denied, the following OC leaves should be validated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Every time a gRPC call (including gNSI calls themselves) is allowed or denied, the following OC leaves should be validated:
```

  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/authz-policy-counters/rpcs/rpc[name]/state/name` is the matched request path, e.g. "/gribi.gRIBI/Get"
  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/authz-policy-counters/rpcs/rpc/rpc[name]/state/access-accepts` increments if the rpc call is allowed.
  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/authz-policy-counters/rpcs/rpc/rpc[name]/state/access-rejects` increments if the rpc call is denied.
  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/authz-policy-counters/rpcs/rpc/rpc[name]/state/last-access-accept` reflects the timestamp of the method call.
  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/authz-policy-counters/rpcs/rpc/rpc[name]/state/last-access-reject` reflects the timestamp of the method call.

> * Everytime a valid policy is pushed (even it's not finalized), the following OC leaves should be validated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Every time a valid policy is pushed (even it's not finalized), the following OC leaves should be validated:
```

  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/state/authz-policy-version` = `UploadRequest.version` in the API proto.
  * `/system/grpc-servers/grpc-server/state/authz-policy-created-on` = `UploadRequest.created_on` (in terms of represented time).

> * Everytime a valid policy is automatically rolled back, the following OC leaves should be validated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Every time a valid policy is automatically rolled back, the following OC leaves should be validated:
```
